KEP-3695: node: dra: podresources: Beta in 1.34 (#51476)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/KubeletPodResourcesDynamicResources.md

Reviewer: Check this whole file. At beta, we actually ask for docs that are GA quality and can move to stable with only very minor changes.

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.27"
    toVersion: "1.33" 
  - stage: beta
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.34"
---
Extend the kubelet's pod resources gRPC List and Get endpoints to include resources allocated in

> ResourceClaims via [Dynamic Resource Allocation](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/).

Reviewer 2: maybe link to "observability" section? Also, there is very little I can find on how DRA podresources API different from DevicePlugin. At least info on how devices are represented in podresources would be helpful

Author: fair point, adding

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.27"
    toVersion: "1.33" 
  - stage: beta
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.34"
---
Extend the kubelet's pod resources gRPC endpoint to

> to include resources allocated in `ResourceClaims` via `DynamicResourceAllocation` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to include resources allocated in ResourceClaims
via [Dynamic Resource Allocation](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/).
```

Author: thanks, incorporated
